HVT Elimination(Random):
A Commander is found through intel on ground, or
Intelligence generation by agency, Reduces Zone time required(Get variable Zone time - modifier)
If Assasinated, if allowed to flee, Triggers stronger reinforcements, possibly arty on stronger zones.
Possible adverse affects if controlled zone belongs to players(Enabled through upgrade making Occupying units stronger)

Communications disruption(for Capture):
A series of tasks, possibly, Relating to destroying radio towers, uploading malware through data terminals, etc.
The higher the level, the more the Tasks.

Sabotage (for Capture)
Arming and blowing of Bomb at Critical location,
Vehicle Depot/Ammo Dump, Intelligence Office, . Can be stolen by Player created nations/guerilla.
Barracks(Possible Intel Loc)

Strategic Buildings(for Capture):
Fortified building with turrets, additional blockades, and Full to the brim with units, and sentries.
Needs to be Destroyed, All units occupying it killed, or Captured. Can contain supplies for enemy forces to Use/Steal,
or Defenders to Recover.(Might consist part of realtime stockpile?? TBD, might be a lil evil (: )

After objectives are done, only domination is required for capture(In order to provide incentive
for multiple nations to battle post objectives, but still want to complete them for exp and stockpile)

//Higher level Optionals//
SAM-Site(Bonus):

Disabling of Anti-Air in Order to Secure Air-Superiority. Useful if Massive invasion is planned.
ManPads can still be a threat However, and players can move in with mobile SAMs. Mobile SAMs spawned
at 2, Static at 3 and up.

JTAC-Elmination(Bonus):
Cancels all AI Artillery support. Players can still coordinate some on their own Though, But are vurnerable to 
Counter-Artillery when doing so.
(qty might be level dependent though)

ATC-Elimination(Bonus):
Disables Air-Support from Spawning. Players can still provide.
(qty might be level dependent though)


Scripts can always be added to the Objective Pool(Possibly by Community? lol)
Modularity should be emphasized.

if high level eliminations are qty, then model might be:

_Qty = ceil (_lvl / 4)

remember, these guys are not going to be marked, and therefore will be enough trouble to find.



